Selective Mounting of Gaudi Devices into a Container (#2930)
apptainer/apptainer: CHANGELOG.md

  directly from Dockerfile, without having to use Docker/Podman but only BuildKit.
  The full buildkit log file is included in the image, for traceability.
  It is also showed on the console, as a progress update while building.
- Add support for selective mounting of Intel(R) Gaudi accelerators.
  This feature is enabled via the `--intel-hpu` option and by specifying the
  `HABANA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` environment variable, which should contain
  a comma-separated list of device IDs (e.g., `"1,2,3"`). This controls
  which accelerators are bound into the `/dev` directory in the container.

>   This feature only works when a minimal `/dev` directory is used, either by

Reviewer: To be clear: by "works" do you mean that without `--contain` all the devices will be imported automatically?

If so I will rewrite this changelog entry a little to make that clear, along with mentioning that the default if `HABANA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` is not set is `all`.

>   This feature is enabled via the `--intel-hpu` option and by specifying the
>   `HABANA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` environment variable, which should contain
>   a comma-separated list of device IDs (e.g., `"1,2,3"`). This controls
>   which accelerators are bound into the `/dev` directory in the container.
>   This feature only works when a minimal `/dev` directory is used, either by
>   setting the `--contain` flag or configuring `mount dev` with the `minimal` option.

Reviewer: I'm not able to push a commit to your branch, so please apply this:

```suggestion
  This feature is only for use in combination with a minimal `/dev` directory,
  selected either with the `--contain` flag or by configuring `mount dev`
  with the `minimal` option; otherwise all the devices are available.
  This feature is enabled via the `--intel-hpu` option and by specifying the
  `HABANA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` environment variable, which should contain
  a comma-separated list of device IDs (e.g., `"1,2,3"`) or "all" to
  import all of them.  The default if `HABANA_VISIBLE_DEVICES` is not
  set is "all".
```
